# RA/Brainstorming meeting 
### Date and time
10/19/2022 8:30-8:56

### Attendance
Jacob
Anh
Lucas
Hongkun
Jenny 
Neal
Rita
Beomsu
Yaosen
Hongkun

## What Was Discussed
### RA meeting
-Brainstorming needs to be done before monday. 
-Features that want to be implemented should be discussed. 
-Plan what is wanted to be on the app.

-Starting pitch needs to be ready by 10/24/2022 (next monday). 
-This is so the TA caan revise it and give us advice. 
-Please read or at least skim this [book at https://basecamp.com/shapeup](https://basecamp.com/shapeup). 

-The starting pitch should contain the topic, features, and any risks meaning what we think we can't do or what will be difficult to do. 
-A visual representation is also expected in system diagrams and wireframes.

-The pitch should be in the form of a slide deck of 16 slides or a pdf of 8 or less pages.

-Every team member needs to create their own branch which they will push to. 
-When they push they need to create a pull request and one person needs to be responsible for pull requests (can have a rotation). 
-Issues also need to be set up.
### Brainstorming meeting
-Created a whiteboard listing features we think should be implemented. -Every feature is given a moscow level (must have, should have, could have, wont have)
### Left for discussion
-Finish up brainstorming other features. 
-Work on starting pitch. 